NWSPrinter
Automatic Weather Warning Printer program
Author: Chrissy Hart, KC8UFV, Lucas County AEC for Mesh & IT

Automatically check for and print weather warnings from the National Weather Service

Warnings are downloaded via the NWS API

This script is designed to use a common Epson receipt printer, as commonly used with 
cash registers. It was tested with an Epson TM-88VI receipt printer connected via USB
but other similar receipt printers should also work. Printing speed will vary from printer to printer.
 
Most Epson recept printers support 2 cash drawer outputs on a 6P6C RJ11 connector.
These can be repurposed to drive a common 2 tone doorbell chime.
The interesting pins for our purposes are on the center 4 pins, so an old 2 line
telephone cord can be used. With the pins on the connector up, and the cable towards
you, count the positions from left to right. 
Connect the "Rear" or single chime terminal on the chime to pin 2 (Drawer 1)
Connect the "Front" or double chime terminal on the chime to pin 5  (Drawer 2)
Connect the Common terminal on the chime to pin 4.  (+24V)
This combination will sound a single chime for SVR warnings, and a double for TOR

To install, first configure the file for your local installation by editing the variables near the start of NWSPrinter
You will need to know what the device name of your local Epson printer is. If it's the only USB printer, the default should be correct.
You will also need to know the 3 letter code for your weather office, and a text string that will appear in only the warnings you are 
interested in. Reference previously issued warnings from your weather office. If you want all warnings from the specified office to 
print, set LOCATION="productText"

After configuring the script for your area, install it with the command "sudo bash install". Everything will be automated at that point. 
If you need to change settigns after installation, simply edit /usr/local/sbin/NWSPrinter and either kill the process NWSPrinter, or
restart your computer.

All items sent to the printer will be logged in the specified logfile.
